little bastard
You have always been with our family
Army against army
What about today?
I will make it happen for you
Lin Yang was confused for a moment
I am willing to marry Zhao Jun
please
Let him live
Yueying
You don't have to ask them
I can marry into the Zhao family
That's my blessing
I want you to save me
you what you
do you think
I really like you
Stop being so sentimental
how can you follow
The eldest young master of the Zhao family compares
Lin Yang
Did you hear that?
She said it all
She doesn't like you at all
You are her
Dog licking on call
Fuck me
kill them
stop
Quite lively
summer
Lord Xia City
why are you here
Where is this city lord going?
Do I need to inform you?
Don't dare
you know
I did not mean that
It's you who wants to kill someone
Misunderstand
I will follow them
Just a joke
Misunderstand
Zhao family these years
Things to do in Jiangcheng
Not one or two pieces anymore
Zhao family
But the pillar of Jiangcheng
you have no evidence
Don't touch my Zhao family lightly
Is the evidence?
I have
Bring it here
inside
recorded the past 20 years
All evidence of the Zhao family’s crimes
Piece by piece
Outrageous
Lord Xia City
Please make the decision for the people of Jiangcheng
The evidence is conclusive
What else do you have to say
mom
what should we do
What should the Zhao family do?
Xia Xue
Don't let me, the Zhao family, have an easy time
Then my Zhao family
I rebelled against Jiangcheng today
Kill them all for me